I am a new user simply exploring a new website a friend told me about. I begin by going to the web URL, https://bu.roomie4.me/. Here I am presented immediately with a Google OAuth login screen. The login page (like all the other pages on this site) contains a simple footer that includes a Copyright notice, the link to an “About Us” page, a “Contact Us” page, and the “Privacy Policy.” 
I am trusting this site with my information so I should at least find out about “who” this site is! And in this spirit, I begin by clicking on the “About Us” footer. This is a simple static page about the history of this app and the 4 students who created it. Near the top, I see a home icon indicating that if I want to return to the home page, I click this button. But right now, I am more interested in reading on!
So, I return to the footer and now go on to read the Privacy Policy. The app’s privacy policy seems to be relatively privacy-conscious. It appears I am free to delete my account at any time. The site also maintains a 2-year data retention policy. Considering the nature of the app (and how often one may need to search for a roommate), I do find a 2-year retention policy more or less fair… The app claims it does not sell my data in any way to other companies or advertisers. Still unsure about a particular wording, I decided to contact the site owners for clarification.
And so I now proceed to the Contact Us page. This page is also a static page containing the contact emails of the site admins. The email address has a click-to-copy icon. So I click the icon to copy the email address and go to my email to send the site admin a message. Time to wait for a response…
